thanks for joining us from our home away
from
work from home let's hear it for dogs
everybody
some weird stuff goes on here before the
show
i have some interesting uh health news
to report this is
there's a great way to get the vaccine
anybody can get it now and all you have
to do is move to alaska
as of last night alaska became the first
state to offer the vaccine to every
resident over the age of 16.
which of all places the one state where
everyone is already socially distant
people moved to alaska just to be six
feet apart from each other but they had
a big leg up on everyone else because uh
well first because the population is
low and secondly the vaccines don't go
bad when your whole state is a freezer
so good for them on the opposite end of
the pandemic spectrum texas is
opening their lungs up to all the covet
you can breathe texas today
lifted their statewide mask mandate
governor greg abbott said he is lifting
the mandate
against the advice of his own health
experts because businesses and families
in texas have the freedom
to determine their own destiny unless of
course you're a woman who doesn't want
to be pregnant
then we will decide for you but at the
capitol
in austin very exciting they declared
transmission accomplished
this is so ridiculous this decision it
almost makes you suspect florida was
involved somehow
this is uh this is the way the new
variants rear their ugly heads
and why it's so difficult to wear a mask
in public i have no idea
i mean if texans have the freedom to
determine their own destiny
by this logic shouldn't smoking be okay
indoors too
i mean what's the difference oh i know
smoke smells and covet doesn't
this was the scene in austin today where
the bars are right back at it
today's the day texas businesses can
reopen to full capacity
and people are already taking advantage
take a look at this video from earlier
this morning
this morning they couldn't wait until
night they had to go this morning
the folks at fox news were up bright and
early this morning too to capture the
mood at a
local diner in mckinney texas this is
one of the things they do on fox news
they send a guy with a microphone to
bother white people while they eat
right now in texas these businesses can
save themselves let me show you what 100
capacity looks like
this is freedom right here really
to me it looks like a bunch of people
waiting for biscuits and gravy but okay
why is this something to celebrate 500
000 of our fellow americans are dead
from covet millions are out of work the
house today
passed the president's 1.9 trillion
dollar relief bill
it will provide aid to millions it will
cut the poverty
line for uh rate for children in half it
will give americans more access
to health care and boost the vaccination
rate so naturally
republicans are against it no
republicans voted for the bill
in the house or in the senate even
though more than 70 percent of americans
support it
the only other bill 70 percent of
americans support
is murray it's very rare to have that
but republicans in congress can't
support it because democrats in congress
do support it if a meteor was hurtling
toward the earth
and chuck schumer said we got to stop
this mitch mcconnell will be like no we
don't
no we don't could lead to socialism
now that the covert relief package is
coming the next fight will be over
voting rights
hr one passed in the house last week
this is a bill that would expand voting
rights and
reform redistricting laws republicans in
the senate do not like that because it
limits their ability
to prevent poor people from voting and
no one is more upset about it than utah
senator mike lee
everything about this bill is rotten to
the core this is a bill as if
written in hell by the devil
the himself is not in hell writing bills
the devil is in mar-a-lago
eating fried chicken we are
approaching uh one year of the lockdown
now which we are going to commemorate
tomorrow night we have a
our first and hopefully only
coroniversary special tomorrow night
with joel mchale with uh pete buttige
the secretary of transportation
music from adam duretz of counting pros
we've been looking back
at what was going on when the pandemic
started and we dug something up one year
ago tonight
right before the stay-at-home orders hit
here in california we went out on the
street we asked people passing by our
studio
to tell us what they knew about this new
coronavirus and this is what they said
on march 10th of last year
we're just out here talking to people
about the coronavirus oh
okay yeah so what do you know
i know that it's bad um i know it's new
um i don't know if you could drink soup
and it'll go away
it seems to be very popular what do you
know about the coronavirus
it's first saw me hearing about it
explain it to me
explain it to me well i don't know
nothing about the coronal virus what
does it do
what do you know about the chronovirus
uh we've been giving that shot to our
cattle for years
coronavirus vaccine for cattle scours so
it's been around forever
if you eat cattle cubes when you're as a
kid and lick salt you're safe
how many people have the coronavirus uh
like a million
i don't know but a lot i know it makes
you cough and it's kind of like
pneumonia
how is it different from pneumonia i
don't know that's just what my dad said
what are you going to stock up on uh
i like wine and toilet paper and
do you think that we should be scared if
you're nasty you should be if you're not
washing your hands
taking care of yourself being clean
not covering your mouth when you cough
and sneeze if you just let that all that
oxygen just flowing in the air
then you should be scared because i got
a roommate he never covers his cough i
always had to call him out
boy cover your mouth like i always have
to go get on him can you tell us
everything you know about the
coronavirus
i'm not too worried about it the
president said it's just going to go
away someday
so um you know it's not really that
critical of a deal
yeah well it's you know what he's right
about
donald trump crawled out of his hole
today he put out a doozy of a statement
on his official letterhead he wrote i
hope everyone remembers when they're
getting the covet 19
often referred to as the china virus
vaccine
that if i wasn't president you wouldn't
be getting that beautiful shot
for five years at best and probably
wouldn't be getting it at all
i hope everyone remembers do you
remember him guillermo
yeah he's crazy yeah yeah
here in l.a kids could be back in school
for real next month right now the plan
is for schools to be open by mid-april
and then i guess shut down again in may
is usually how it goes but
this will be welcome news for parents
for
uh kids for bullies who've been short of
nerd lunch money for
almost a year now remote learning is the
best we can do
i guess and i believe that children are
our what guillermo
children are our future that's right and
so we did something
fun and not so educational for our
future we got in touch with the school
in my hometown of las vegas ellis
elementary school
where they were gracious enough to let
me be a substitute teacher
for a fourth grade class
all right boys and girls can you mute
yourselves make sure you mute yourselves
i have a very important announcement to
make
i have an emergency and i have to go but
i have a
very great substitute that's going to
take over our class and i will
see you on monday bye bye
hi ms o'hare hello children
hi i'm mr cotter how are you
i know it's respect week right is this
respect week
let's start respect week by going around
the class
say something nice about me okay we'll
start with chase chase
go ahead um you have a beautiful afro
thank you chase kyle nice tie
oh thanks mason what do you like about
me i like your name
thank you mason i like your name i also
love that generic
football photograph you have hanging in
your room
kino you look very handsome
thank you kino you live in las vegas and
your parents named you kino
it's kiano oh okay all right
tell that to the people at the casino
mckenna
i like the clock in the background oh
yeah that's a problem ava
go ahead close it out with something
really great about me
you're very funny oh thank you ava i
appreciate that
but we're not here to laugh today we're
here to learn
and we're here to learn about math
now some math problems are just numbers
but i like to put a story along with the
math
problems a man named ted has 20 peanuts
and eats half of them how many peanuts
does ted have
ot 10 now you'd think that
normally 10 would be the correct answer
but unfortunately
ted choked on one of the peanuts and um
he's dead
so really he has no peanuts at all
that's why we have to be very careful
with peanuts that went dark
should we do some more math yes okay
if i order a soy latte and the barista
charges me four dollars
and i give the barista a one dollar tip
but then the barista tells me they're
out of soy
and gives me back four dollars should i
get back
that one dollar tip
nick yes that's right nick i should get
back that one dollar tip
and yet i didn't very annoying
do you guys feel like you're learning
no okay hey do you want to meet my pet
i'm a parrot
i'm a barracks we call him mr crackers i
want to have a cigarette can i have a
cigarette
into a cigarette i need a cigarette
you don't need it kids don't like
cigarettes mr crackers
does anyone have a question for mr
crackers
yes uh kylie um do you think
mr potter is a good
owner oh uh
mr connor stole me from my real owner uh
i miss my family
i adopted my family that's not true at
all i did not steal him from his real
owner does anyone else have a question
yes uh chase is mr
cotter mean to you
what kind of questions are these
mark mr carter feeds me gas station
sushi
it gives me diarrhea
who wants to hear a song anyone want to
hear a song
when you sit non-zoom and you gotta make
a boom die a wheel
i'm weird when you're scared of corona
and your butt smells like balloon or
diarrhea
diarrhea i taught him that song
when you're sitting in class and stuff
comes out of you oh mr crackers
let's not use i told you we can't use
language like that
so immature he's very immature
my parents were killed by poachers all
right i'm gonna ask you to
tell me one thing that bothers you
about one of your parents kyle go ahead
we'll begin with you
my annoying thing um about my parents
is that um they always say they love me
i know luckily my parents never ever
said that so i was never
ever annoyed nick when my parents won't
let me watch football
what are they communists
maya yes go ahead they never let me have
candy
what kind of candy do you love hard
hard candy like an old lady
you want some lozenges do you know the
word lozenge
no let me spell it for you l o
z e n g
e lozenge
okay mark i've got something to say
mr carter makes me sleep in the
microwave and detail
his car that's all true yeah and
sometimes he takes a lozenge and he
shoves it right up
okay mr crackers uh kids i think we're
gonna have to end the lesson now before
we end the class
uh does anybody want to share anything
that they learned today
yes makeda that this class is
very weird very good
all right say goodbye to mr crackers
everybody
bye when it's time for us to quit
and i gotta take this oh okay i told you
we can't use language like that
diarrhea okay bye kids
thanks kids hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you
want to see all our latest videos click
the subscribe button and if you don't
click anyway and close your eyes when
they come on